hello guys and welcome to my channel
christmas is coming and I filled with
every centimeter of my skin and I'm so
happy that I'm spending these holidays
in the state and this video is going to
be about wishes that are making for the
upcoming 2017 and I wanted to share some
ideas with you of what are the best
things to wish for yourself in the new
year my first thing will be don't make
any plans but have goals with my life
when everything is changing on a daily
basis it is very difficult to make some
particular plans like I don't know where
I would be in a month and I think it's
good when you're in your 20s or 30s when
you don't have to stick to one
particular place or one particular job
and my philosophy behind that is when
you have a specific plan so for example
you think that you need to be somewhere
or you need to get this job by April
2017 and then it doesn't happen you
don't get a job you feel like you're a
loser and you feel depressed and you
don't want to make any other plans
because you failed already so for me I
have this goals I have a goal of you
know reaching particular revenue in my
company or having a certain number of
subscribers I'm actually dreaming up a
hundred K subscribers so I could get
this YouTube button and put it on my
wall so this is definitely a goal but
I'm not
myself hey I need to have 100,000
subscribers by I'm on March 2017 it it
just how it goes I'm just making my best
in order to achieve my goal making
quality content and making sure you guys
like what it fill so feel free to take
this philosophy and apply it to your
life and sometimes when people ask me
what are your plans for the future like
I don't have any plans I have certain
goals that I want to achieve in my life
but I'm also taking every opportunity
that comes into my way so I'm trying to
say yes to a lot of things but also when
you're exposed to a lot of opportunities
it's important to manage your time and
you need to learn how to save it until
2015 I was in Russia I was writing my
small company and I was trying to do
anything I could like I applied to those
American universities I wanted to get a
degree I started cheering people helping
them fast GMAT that's TOEFL and in 2015
my life changed completely our company
was invited to the United States and we
received investment and straightaway I
had thousands of opportunity so meeting
other people attending parties and this
is when I had to you know tell myself
hey marina there are a couple of
priorities right now for example and are
you need to grow your company to produce
content and all I can't end all of the
part is because networking is important
but it's not number one priority so it's
very important that you know where
you're going and what is this stop bowl
and if you have a couple offers for
Saturday but then you have to study on
Sunday maybe it's better to decline
those funny offers or hanging out with
friends for this study on Sunday and if
you studied really
why not hang out with your friends see
just make sure you managing your time
and you're not saying yes to everything
but you say yes to everything related to
your final goal the third thing is um
try to have as few things as possible in
your life and it applies to clothes
handbags exercise books whatever the
less you have the easier it is for you
to move to different locations to take
your opportunities for me I have this
new principle when I try to buy more
expensive things but then happen for
longer my best investment in terms of
clothing so far has been my Louis
Vuitton bag I bought it back in 2013 and
it was so excited because these were the
first money I made with my company and I
wanted to invest them in something I
really prayed for so I bought this bag
and they still have it anywhere like
every every week and I think it's a
crucial that I only have like two or
three handbags because before that I
would go shopping like every half a year
and getting you back which would be fake
leather really bad quality and it had so
many things at my home I didn't really
need and it was impossible to sell them
because they were from this you know
like H&M or not the breads you're really
looking to buy when they're already used
so my philosophy now is having less
things things that suits me like this
job I just bought it and it's great
quality actually I bought it in an
outlet so I saved a lot so you know
trying to have better things but less of
that
and being able to move being able to
move around just one suitcase is a great
idea and if you guys need some more
incentive to throw away your old stuff
I'm gonna leave a link below to a book
that completely changed my life so I
read this book the life-changing magic
of tidying up I read this book and I
threw away six bags of rubbish from my
apartment and I gave away my old clothes
to charity homes and to my friends after
reading this book I changed my approach
to buying things completely another
thing that I learned this year well I
actually learned it a long time ago but
this year I had a couple of situations
when I realized this is actually so
important so don't rely on other people
don't think that they would tell you hey
I want to be friends with you or I'm
going to give you this job I'm going to
best like make everything try to make
everything yourself if we're talking
about business it's better that you're
profitable then you know raise from
other people and ask them for money or
if you're trying to get into a
university it's better to have many
options when people are inviting you and
you're you know trying to apply to as
many universities as you can
instead of relying on that one
particular University that might even
not consider you so at yourself don't
rely on others and you need to
understand that you're responsible for
every single action that is happening in
your life because the majority of our
action is not talking about some
emergency situations but many of our
actions have consequences of what we've
done like a month before two years
before maybe like even 10 years so every
every reaction every decision has a
consequence and you have full control of
your life so make sure you are acting
you're getting what you want you're
trying to get what you want and you're
making your best to do that
another thing connected with people a
lot of my friends are single and a lot
of my friends feel lonely and sometimes
they tell me hey it is so difficult to
find the right man or it's so difficult
to find a friend and my idea behind that
is you don't have to look for people
true people will join me throughout your
life because you would have common
interests you would have things that you
want to share with them I had pretty
much the same problem when I was back at
school I found that I was know like
everybody else
well mostly thankful to my parents they
wouldn't let me go to parties they won't
let me drink it wouldn't let me stay
over at my friend's places and they were
all party every set
and I would sit at home or go to the
swimming pool or go to my dancing class
and I thought I have this lonely girl
and I try to communicate with those
girls for my class but every time I
joined the company I felt that I'm an
outsider because they discussed the
parties they went to and things they've
done last week which I wasn't allowed to
visit but then when I graduated from
school I looked back and I realized
these were not the people I needed to
communicate with and I'm so thankful to
my parents that they actually made me do
the right thing so if you feeling that
you're making an effort to communicate
with somebody means this is not your
person so just you know leave that
relationship don't spend any more time
and power on it just you know go and
improve your English language going to
prove your German language or you know
past GMAT so make something that would
make difference in your life and once
you find this interest once you find
your hobby the right people would join
because they would have the same
interest and you would have something
you can share you can teach them and
this would be a great relationship so I
don't really like blind dates or you
know like budding every night in order
to find the right man I don't know if
you have a different opinion please
share it I'm open to discussion and my
last wish for the New Year's and for
Christmas be positive everything that
in Our Lives doesn't have any meaning
it's not positive it's not negative we
give this color to the situation and we
decide how we're going to act after that
and if we call her everything negative
it's going to affect everything with you
later so we will be depressed we will be
upset but when we're accepting
everything that's happening like yes
this happened I know what I did wrong I
know what I can do better I'm just
making my conclusions and improving and
using it in order to become better so
use every challenge is an opportunity
and try to use every bad situation in
your favor and try to improve and grow
and yeah I think that was it I think
these are the main goals main wishes for
2017 I hope you guys enjoyed watching
this video if you have something to
share about what you think would be
important for you in 2017 please write
it down because when we're writing down
our thoughts they become even more real
so please feel free to share thank you
again so much watching this channel
please don't forget to subscribe and
love you old guys Merry Christmas